This article is about setting up a catch all email account on your mail server.
 well before we go into the messy technical part let's first understand how does an email
 works and what is a catch all email address.
                              if You have ever wondered how email works
 well its easy.
You create an email account on an inbox Provider like (Gmail, Hotmail.. etc)
You then Create an email content add Reciptents to it.
and just click Send BUTTON Right!
The reciptents then receive the email you sent in there Inbox.
things may look simple this way but are way more complex at the backend arch.

This was a case of using a third party Inbox Provider But what if You have your own
email server hosted with you websites Domain Name.

What is a Catch all email account

A catch-all email account is an address that is specified to receive all messages
that are addressed to an incorrect email address for a domain

For Example:

suppose you have a website named:"mail.com" and a mail server Pre configured on this
website with a bunch of email account which are:-

support@mail.com - Technical Department
sales@mail.com - Sales Department
info@mail.com - Product related Querries
admin@mail.com - Websites Administrator

These are email accounts which are associated with the required user.
these email addresses receive email's regularly and all emails are
important and consist of sensitive intel about the organization.

But what if one of there client sent an important information to the
sales department and misspelled the email address of the Sales Department i.e

"satles@mail.com"

in that case the email that the client sent them will bounce back to his inbox with an error
"you have entred a wrong address BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH!!!!!"

what if that email was important to the sales Department.
in such cases we can set up a catch all address Which will
receive all the Bounce email's(incorrect) to its Inbox So that each and every lost email can be
retrieved from there.

How catch all Works:

Well Its Simple, It just Check for email address If the Reciptents address is correct
than it is delivered to inbox of the respected account and if the address is incorrect
it redirects the email to the catchall Email address

Since now that You have understand what is a catch all email server, lets jump to how can we
configure it.

Tutorial:

Required
* A Centos Linux based Machine With sendmail Email server Pre configured
if you want to configure Sendmail Follow the link
https://www.rosehosting.com/blog/install-and-configure-a-simple-mail-server-using-sendmail-and-dovecot-on-a-fedora-20-vps/
* SSH access to root user of the server.

1. SSH to your server With root user account
2. root@mail:~# 
